Updated all deprecated links into working links for Docs (#760)
equinix/terraform-provider-equinix: docs/data-sources/metal_connection.md

# equinix_metal_connection (Data Source)

> Use this data source to retrieve a [connection resource](https://developer.equinix.com/dev-docs/fabric/overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this data source to retrieve a [connection resource](https://deploy.equinix.com/developers/docs/metal/interconnections/introduction/)
```
